DU2 Docs Update (#1198)
streamr-dev/streamr-platform: app/src/docs/content/dataUnions/frameworkRoles.mdx

# Data Unions Framework Roles

> Each Data Union has one Admin (owner), and `n` data producing members.

Reviewer: `n` = arbitrary, numerous, large amount of?

Author: Yep, added "(many)" to that

### Admin

Admins have the power to add and remove members. They are responsible for maintaining their Data Unions, including ensuring good data quality and removing members that are not contributing data as they're expected to.

> The Admins are incentivized to perform this work by the `adminFee`, a fraction of the incoming Data Union revenue. Admins can set the `adminFee`, and members agree to it by joining the Data Union. Previous earnings are not affected by changes in the `adminFee`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admins are incentivized to perform this work by the `adminFee`, a fraction of the incoming Data Union revenue. Admins can set the `adminFee`, and members agree to it by joining the Data Union. Previous earnings are not affected by changes in the `adminFee`.
```

Typically, Admins are initially the creators of the data-producing application and the Data Union, though this role can be assigned to someone else or even performed by the members themselves via a DAO.

### Members

Members are the people and devices that produce data (via the data-producing application) into the data streams associated with the Data Union. After joining, they start receiving a share of revenue from the Marketplace subscriptions. 

> Members are identified by an Ethereum address, and they join the Data Union by doing a simple HTTP request as described in the Work with Data Unions page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members are identified by an Ethereum address, and they join the Data Union using the Streamr Client or by doing a simple HTTP request as described in the Join & Withdraw page.
```

Reviewer: + link to Join & Withdraw page?
